[Music]
broke collaborative did not pay us for
this post this is something we bought in
our own art eco friendly company they
sure is hacked me sure though its
plastic in there so they're ketches they
give you free stuff when you order our
prices aren't the best but after I
ordered it I realized that they're gonna
match prices but they're basically gonna
give you like an offer where you guys
let's see you got a free spray bottle
and they sell concentrate a free dish
sponge Meyers clean day as dish soap you
got to choose certain scents hand soap
counter top spray and and and the
obviously use the purchase thing so I
tried the method 10 count it's $3 the
method prices are the same as targets
they also had Matt I just cleaned Dave
you're out of method toilet cleaner
every time I go on there the havoc over
and they also saw oils so pretty much I
think this was $25 for all this I think
it's worth it
we'll see just for the free stuff but I
don't know if they're gonna give you
free stuff once you place another order